♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
♫ Only You! ♫
No.
I can't.
♫ Can you see my feelings for you? ♫
♫ Can you hear my voice that calls for you? ♫
♫ Shining brightly like a star ♫
♫ I'm drawing you in the sky ♫
♫ I'll protect you ♫
I'm... sorry.
♫ All the warm memories that I miss ♫
♫ are overflowing out from my heart ♫
My goodness, you're excited?
[Seo Jeongwon]
I...
My progress will come out soon.
If the result isn't good, six months or a year, I'll keep trying until I succeed.
But you dislike babies, don't you?
I was trying to dislike them.
Because I fought and lost to a baby.
From now on, since it'll be difficult,
whether we forgo a baby and just love,
or get a procedure done after marrying,
we will need to have uncomfortable conversations.
We will need to bring up painful conversations and our pride will be hurt and we will want to avoid it.
We may fight, and at some moments, we will want to give up.
Are you scared?
Yes.
Although you said we should try and find a solution together, something like a miracle may not exist.
You may have to go through another painful moment.
Will you really be okay with that?
Even so, let's not lose.
It's an unfair fight where the woman has a harder time than the man.
Even if we lose together, you'll hurt more than I will.
So make sure to win. Because I also won't lose.
Fighting!
[Episode 12: Adults create a place to return]
Mom, are you going to sleep?
Why? Are you here to brag about your date with Han Yisang?
He's "Han Yisang" for you? Same here.
What should I call him then?
You said "my son-in-law."
It just came out. I haven't given you permission yet.
He seems like an okay person.
Don't throw yourself in marriage just because you're rushing to have a baby.
What do you mean "throw myself"? It's not like I'm a fighter.
You never really know someone. You can't tell even when you live with them.
It's a honeymoon period where he can look cool even with a horn on his forehead, so keep your eyes peeled.
If anything makes you think it might cause you to suffer, just coldly cut him loose.
Okay?
Cut loose what?
Why is your answer so weak?
Does Han Yisang have a problem?
No, he's not that type of person.
How could you possibly see straight right now? I have to take a good look.
You have to get married right away, so I need to think about which one would be better.
"Which one?"
I'm just saying I'm going to pick my son-in-law well.
Then don't try to dig up everything and just look at him kindly.
Goodnight.
Hello.
Oh my. You're here to meet Hari?
She's been going to work early ever since she became the Chief Editor.
No, I came here to exercise with you.
- With me?
- Yes.
I don't need anything else.
You just need to consistently love Hari till the end.
Out of all the things I can do for Hari,
I am most confident in that. You don't have to worry.
Oh my, you. It's not like that.
Exercise, exercise. Our Han Yisang said he needs to exercise.
"Our Han Yisang?"
Oh my. Did I... say that?
Why did I? He's not "ours" yet.
Yeah, well. You two have fun.
Let's go.
Aunt, I don't have checkups after noon.
I'll take Doha to the daycare and go to your aerobics. Where's the location?
[Exciting Aerobics Dance]
Left foot. One!
One! Two! Three! Four!
Three! Four! Hands!
Two!
- Aunt!
- Three!
Four! Left hand!
Two! Three!
Four! Hands!
Big motions!
I understand you're doing this to gain my favor,
but doing this at my workplace is very troublesome.
- I'm sorry.
- Aunt.
Why is your speech style like a mother-in-law's?
- Oh my. Was I?
- Yes.
You should stop now.
Hari and I are in a loving relationship.
You're so thick-faced.
Can you not determine that you're not it for her?
Even if insults are hurled at me and I'm childish and thick-faced,
I will choose Jang Hari.
Oh, you're such a romantic!
Aunt, he's...
That's...
Never mind.
You need to think that it's a really big relief that I'm a classy person.
I'm against him.
Really? Then you stay by her side and watch over her.
So that he treats Hari well even if it's because of you.
Am I some pick-off throw?
(T/N: sounds like dog.)
What's that?
Some kind of a dog?
It's not a dog!
Anyway, Aunt, just because Hari is in a rush does not mean she should just choose anybody.
I'll be frank here.
To be honest, for Hari, neither of you are good enough.
You she fell for quickly because she couldn't find a decent man at her age.
How can you tell what a person's really like by seeing them once or twice? Only time will tell.
Yes, that's right. You are one hundred times correct.
- I will—
- You, besides being a doctor, what's so great about you? Because you're like family,
I was thinking about the two of you together since I have affection for you.
Aunt, are you going to betray me like this?
I... have so many good qualities.
When I'm in front of you like this,
considering another man so bluntly is a bit...
- I know it's two-timing, but I don't know what will happen with you.
- That's right.
Hari's feelings are her own.
In my heart, Jaeyoung, you are still a contender.
Aunt...
It's not like I don't like you both.
Give me some time.
Who I will pick, I'm so torn!
Oh my goodness.
Dr. Yoon... thank you.
Don't be thankful. I haven't given up.
Oh, this!
Senior, what is that?
My mom keeps sending herbal tonics to me and telling me to have a baby.
My god, I'm going crazy.
You said your mother-in-law isn't like that, so it's your mom that does it?
When I'm choosing not to have a baby, I don't know why my mom is the guilty one.
Oh, the predicament of the DINK couple.
(T/N: DINK -  "double income, no kids".)
My work is my own. Are we going to the workshop?
I submitted the proposal, but it hasn't been approved yet.
When it's this weekend?
Isn't the weekend not a good time?
We need to have fun...
But you need to work during the weekday, no?
I'll look into the workshop. You don't need anything confirmed?
I'm going outside for some work.
Okay, see you later.
See you.
Yes, come in.
Why are you here?
I'm here for a checkup.
Are you a baby?
Are you really sick? Why?
I have prickly pain in my heart. I wonder why.
Do you have some sort of a heart worm?
I'm saying I'm thankful.
While being beside a friend who's having a dramatic dating life,
getting frustrated and telling me things I don't want to hear, and worrying about it like it's your own issue...
you're suffering a lot, too.
Thank you also for not telling Mom.
Never in my life did I think I would hear you say thank you to me.
But to be honest, I've never liked that jerk since the beginning.
Do you have to go the hard route?
Jaeyoung,
I really like him.
I don't want to let him go.
I'll try my best to follow this path well,
so don't worry and watch over me.
What are you going to do? Did you give up on a baby?
You wanted one.
Is it even possible to give that up?
I may give up.
We're going to try and find a solution together.
I'm going to go.
Jang Hari, put this on.
Why?
How's my heartbeat?
Hey, why is it so angry? Your heart is livid.
Yeah, I'm angry.
Because of you.
[love]
How old are you?
Four years old.
Four years old? What's your name?
Lee Roeun.
Lee Roeun?
You're pretty.
Lee Roeun.
[Hello. I am Nemson Company's hiring manager. Thank you for applying at our career recruitment headquarters. We had many applicants for this screening,]
[so I inevitably was unable to meet with you. It is not because you are lacking, so please don't be disappointed...]
Honey, should we buy a dishwasher?
It's not because I don't want to do the dishes but because you're tired.
Don't fight.
Honey, we're all out of dishwashing soap.
Clean with baking soda.
Oh, okay. Wait, here it is.
Honey. H-Honey, where are you going?
Honey!
You came here after leaving home?
What is it? Hyeonseok made side dishes, looked after the kids, and cleaned up,
but you left, I heard.
Look over there.
Dark circles appearing over makeup, working so hard until your eyes turn red...
Isn't it really romantic?
What is it? What idiotic company
passed over our hidden-talent Kim Eunyoung who will advance this country's IT industry?
I submitted 50 resumes, but they won't hire me even for a basic office job.
How could one empty slot on my resume discredit my entire resume?
What about you? Are you okay?
I can't avoid thinking about a baby, but I'm still happy.
I'm so jealous.
It's a big deal, but don't try to come to a decision now and keep dating.
It'll turn out well.
Thank you.
It'll turn out well for you, too.
I don't want to live like this.
But I feel like I am going to.
How do you know that? When I don't know what I'm going to eat tomorrow morning.
I know. I'm going to eat the leftovers from my kids.
No. You're going to eat what I make. Although I don't know what it'll be.
Get up. I told your husband you're sleeping at my house today. Let's go.
Where are you?
You didn't come to the studio. Is something going on?
I'm doing very important work right now.
What work?
[Pride of Tteokbokki]
I'm standing my future up right now.
Soocheol?
Yeah? Oh, you shocked me!
What are you doing here?
Important work.
Park Yunho.
- Yes?
- What are you doing here?
Are you booked up? Let me sleep over tonight, too.
Is it the night of the free wives?
Have you seen each other? Over here is my friend Kim Eunyoung and over here is my junior Park Yunho.
Married women who have run away from home, come in.
Wow. Is that cheese?
Wow.
Eat it.
This place has a lot of customers.
I thought it might be good for a side business, so I'm going to be an intern here.
Do you have the money for it?
I'll need to get a loan. The studio alone makes me nervous.
What? You guys made up?
Hari said it's okay?
It may become more difficult than how it is now,
but thankfully she grabbed onto me.
I will have to make an effort with the hope that everything will be okay.
But do you also want a baby?
You said there was no baby in your life.
Because Hari wants one,
I want to dream of one together.
A dream...
where I become a father.
Brother,
before becoming a father,
is there like a specific state of mind to have?
You'll know once you see your baby.
I had absolutely no idea.
Who knew I'd become such a fool for my daughter
that I'd work so hard to pay for her academy lessons?
You just go with it!
You just go with it.
- Should I go?
- You should eat!
Hurry and eat.
Okay, yeah!  Let's go.
Oh? There are pig feet in here.
Yeah. It's good, right?
I can't eat pig feet. But it's delicious.
It's good, right? Eat up a lot.
It's super chewy.
My mom sent me the herbal tonic so we can have a baby
only because she cares.
But he criticized her.
He should criticize his mom, why mine?
- Here.
- Childcare is 100 times harder than working.
I've gained stamina while taking care of children, learned patience.
Shouldn't that count as experience?
I'm fine now.
But I thought the DINK couples had it easy. I guess they have their own hardships.
You raise your children by yourself? I would rather work for a week straight,
I couldn't do that.
Me neither.
But... the kids are so beautiful that I keep doing it.
Even after they upset me and cause trouble,
when I see them sleeping, I wonder what I'd do without them.
I told you to play with the kids, not scare them! Ah, seriously.
Why? I was totally in character as a T-Rex!
It's Dad! Attack him!
Oh no!
Let me see!
You know...
Have you not thought about adoption?
Unmarried people can adopt.
Well, they look at your job and finances,
and they also look at various things like
whether you have family members that can help you take care of the child for qualification.
You have to pass a home environment inspection, too.
She must have thought about it.
The child has to be a present, not an alternative.
I think I have to be very well-prepared so that neither the child or I will get hurt.
I don't have the confidence right now.
You think too much.
What do you want to do? One in the living room and one in the bedroom, you want to do a ladder game of lotto?
I... want to go.
I miss my babies.
I knew you would.
Get back home safely after having fun.
Let's meet up again.
As long as we don't meet under the same circumstances.
Let me know when you get home.
Sleep well, bye.
- Get home safe.
- See you again.
Okay, bye.
So you have thought about having a child.
I have, of course.
But... not having a child sometimes
can feel like a vast empty castle,
but I'm more scared that it would bring disruption to our life.
My husband and I are very content with just us two.
What's that like with just the two of you?
We're devoted to each other.
Since we only have each other, we're very interested in each other.
We're always curious about how each other's day has been,
we check each other's feelings, and do everything together.
We respect each other's alone time.
And if one of us says, "Should we take a trip?" when we wake up in the morning,
then we can leave at any time.
We only have each other,
so we're very affectionate to one another.
Without a child,
you can live with just each other.
But to other people,
me, who doesn't want a child,
and you, who wants a child without marriage, are seen as abnormal.
We can't be understood.
We're not living to receive others' understanding.
We're merely making the choices we can.
You're doing well.
- Let's to to sleep.
- Sleep well.
Okay.
I'll take this one.
This is an overnight rental cottage stay we're giving away as a gift.
Overnight rental cottage stay?
Wow.
Thank you.
Yunho,
what were you going to do if your husband didn't come to pick you up?
If I go home and complain that I'm hungry, he cooks for me.
The way we make up.
Senior, have fun with your boyfriend, too.
- Thank you.
- Get going.
Hurry.
Let's go home.
Okay, okay!
I'm hungry!
The place to return to...
Yunho and Eunyoung both...
would have left because they have places to return to.
When Mom received the stomach cancer surgery,
I was working.
I had to work quickly in order to go to the hospital,
so I had no time to be upset or blame myself.
Seeing Mom sick was foreign to me,
and it was the first time she seemed weak in my eyes.
Still, "It's nothing."
"It's okay."
Mom and I...
were like that.
But then when I went home to an empty house,
I suddenly felt sad.
If I didn't have Mom,
this empty house
wouldn't be a place I could return to.
I...
have no place to return to.
No matter how far you travel,
no matter how tired life makes you feel,
as long as you have a place to return to, you're okay.
Then you can deal with it.
That man...
will he be the place I can return to?
Do you want to buy that?
It's so cute, right?
You collected a lot in your house. Do you want to buy another one?
I don't have this one. I've never bought it.
Weirdly, I want to buy that.
Wow, if you're not drunk then it's scary.
Let me explain. It's like the
innocent child in me went out.
I also want to be childish all of a sudden.
Is it that or me?
That...
What do you mean?
Why aren't you responding?
Are you thinking about it right now?
What thinking?
See, you're not responding.
No, I mean how could I compare between that and you?
Are you saying you like that way more, so I can't be compared?
No. I like that in a different way.
Too late.
No, it's not like that.
- Is this a safe car?
- Yes.
You can ride it once.
This way, please.
- Oh, this...
- The Han River.
Wow, it's nice.
Let's live well, Yoon Jaeyoung.
Oh, I was completely nervous.
Was I too obvious? If you keep encouraging me, it won't be good.
Still, having small arguments makes it really feel like we're dating, so I like it.
We're busy enough being affectionate. Why waste time with arguments?
Um, should we go on a trip?
Since you worked so hard, you should relax.
An overnight trip?
Is that too short? Then two nights away?
Well... I want to keep spending time with you, too,
but still, I have to go to work...
And sleeping two nights is a bit...
What are you thinking?
No, no. Do whatever you want.
Coming over to my place and putting the toilet cleaner—
The toilet cleaner...
that took a lot of courage from me.
I did that because you seemed hesitant to get closer.
I didn't barge into your house because I had other motives.
It-It's not that. What I wanted to ask was—
Never mind.
The toilet cleaner is working well, right?
Don't follow me.
No...
I wanted to ask to go stay at a rental cottage together.
Why did you have to get so stuck?
Why would he talk about the toilet cleaner?
He's not following me.
Then go home!
Seriously.
I think I said something wrong.
I made her into a strange woman.
[Hari, I...]
No, no. There's no sincerity in this.
Texts are...
That's right.
[I love you.]
Finally.
I'll copy this into a text and send it.
Do I have to call him first?
Well...
I could. Why not?
[Yisang]
[As Hari's boyfriend...]
As your boyfriend,
about making you into a woman who is only interested in sex,
I sincerely apologize. About what happened today,
I will try my best to prevent it from ever happening again.
Again, I apologize.
I love... you.
I love you, too.
Director!
Don't forget. This moment that I saved you.
This time...
this memory.
Are you...
Sorry.
Director.
At least once,
I wanted to look like a man to you.
You looked cool to me.
I wanted to protect you because you seemed delicate,
and I wanted to be like you since you're such a strong person.
So...
I think I wanted to make a good impression.
But now, to you,
I don't want to appear one way or the other.
I just want to see you
doing well, that's all.
I'm doing well.
And...
I've received so much comfort from you, too.
You're cool, Eutteum.
Thank you.
Yes, hello.
I forgot her medicine. This is for her.
Okay. This...
Doha spilled some juice.
This isn't Doha's.
Doha's mom brought it.
Doha's mom?
A few days ago, she came by with some toys and clothes
and watched her from outside for a long time before she left.
[Jiwon Vision School Children's Place]
Yes, Oppa.
See Doha.
Don't confuse her by seeing her whenever you have time however you want,
but see her at the same time on the same day. And don't get your hopes up uselessly.
Then this weekend is the only time available? Okay.
Yes, then I'll book it.
Okay. Thank you.
You scared me.
This weekend with Hari,
you're going away? To where?
Somewhere nice? Huh?
I won't tell you!
Hey! Give it to me!
Why do you want to see?
Oh right! We have a workshop this weekend.
Huh? I have a free movie ticket. You can't go?
I don't think so. How can I skip the workshop at our company?
Director Jang is so excited and making up the program for it.
I have to go and pretend to be excited.
You didn't even know her schedule before booking the place?
Seriously...
Go with your wife instead.
I didn't ask for it, but thanks.
You're going to do well in life. Very well.
I'll enjoy it.
Wow. Look how luxurious it is.
The situation at the company is difficult, so they told us to not go.
The workshop got canceled?
But the decoration department went. Just us?
Aren't we being ignored too much?
Externally, they're talking about the company shutting down; and internally, the workshop gets canceled.
Are we really going to shut down?
We have to make sure that doesn't happen.
Think of an event where we can show everyone how well we're doing.
Yes.
Go ahead. Work.
Hello, Director.
Welcome.
You're well, right?
What is it?
The ice-cream ad's contract fell through.
The middle-aged photographer is too difficult and expensive.
The photos came out well, so it's fine.
Instead,
you received an offer for a coffee ad.
The shooting schedule is fixed. This weekend. Does it work?
This weekend...
We have a workshop this weekend.
Director Jang is so excited and making up the program for it.
Okay. I should just work this weekend.
This weekend, just the two of us alone.
Is the school's parent meeting more important than me?
This isn't the first time!
Chief!
Oh! Chief!
- You know—
- What?
Oh, Chief!
Hold on. I'll call you later.
Oh, no.
This is a limited edition Balenciaga!
What should I do?
I-I-I'll give you money for the dry cleaning.
Oh no! It's an expensive dress.
Then, will this work?
Seriously.
Eutteum! Eutteum!
Hello.
We saw each other a little while ago.
Yes.
Eutteum,
I was embarrassed, so I couldn't say it earlier, but thanks for looking after me at the precinct.
There were so many people around who were drunk,
and more than anything, I thought you might act indecently, so I couldn't leave.
Well... Anyway, thank you very much.
So this...
What is it?
It's a rental cottage gift card.
- If you don't have anybody to go with later, I—
- Oh!
Thank you. I think my parents will like it.
Thank you.
Why would he talk about parents all of a sudden?
I uselessly gave it to him. What a waste.
- Mr. Eutteum?
- Yes?
We need to get this confirmed.
Okay, I understand.
I'm really sorry.
I... am a bad husband for forgetting our wedding anniversary.
Even if we couldn't go overseas, we should have gone and ate at a nice restaurant.
To you who's been working yourself to the bone, there's nothing I've done.
Honey, I'm really sorry.
Next year, I will—
Manager Kim.
Hold on.
Yeah. What's up?
What?
Go here.
What is this?
It's a rental cottage gift card.
When did he get this?
Pension Nohseonjae? Where is this place?
- Manager!
- Yeah?
My sales report is messed up completely again!
What's the matter with the Advertising Department?
Really? Again?
This is not the first time! It's so exhausting!
Okay. I'll check it again. You didn't tell the Director, right?
I'm going to right now.
What's wrong with you?
This... go with your husband.
It's a rental cottage. A really nice place.
You shouldn't keep giving me things like these.
Come on, don't get upset.
Don't tell Chief Editor Jang.
Just this once.
Thank you.
Payment for letting me stay over.
Go with Chief Han.
This weekend?
[We invite you to our 'Nohseonjae Cottage.']
[Room Type: Standard]
What's this?
I got a car.
Get in.
Why'd you get a car suddenly?
Doha's big now. There will be a lot of times where I'll have to drive her around.
If you end work late at dawn, do you want me to pick you up?
You don't need to worry about me, too.
I'm looking into a house near the hospital.
You're leaving?
I need to find my place.
The hospital is coming along, and I can look after Doha alone now.
And I even make the baby food myself.
You only think of me as the grade-schooler with a runny nose who used to get beat up by you,
but I'm a pretty okay guy.
After living like a yahoo selling off your house and car...
It's like watching an Australopithecus evolve into a human being.
I feel very proud.
I need to live like a human being.
While making the people I love happy.
I'm going to go look at houses on the weekend. Want to come?
Will you take a look with me?
You want to go here?
It's called Nohseonjae. It's supposed to be a nice rental cottage.
I wanted to go but you should go.
This weekend, you should take Doha and Jungwon—
Jang Hari.
But I'm talking to you right now.
That we should look at houses together.
This weekend, Aunt is taking care of Doha. We should eat together and look at houses.
And you should listen to what I have to say.
I want to tell you how I'm going to live from now on.
There's nothing I can't listen to as your friend.
But... let's talk later.
Let's talk that day.
Did you finish work? I'll be waiting at the park.
Drop me off in front over there. I have an appointment.
Okay.
Go inside.
I might forget your face. I haven't seen you in such a long time.
We're so busy. What are you doing on the weekend?
I have a photoshoot booked this weekend.
You work on the weekends? I wanted us to go on a trip.
You said you were going to the workshop on the weekend.
- It got canceled.
- It did?
Why? It can't be canceled?
No, no. What's done is done.
I have a gift card for a weekend stay at a rental cottage. I guess you can't go.
A rental cottage gift card? Where?
We can't even go, so why would I...
tell you that it's called Nohseonjae Rental Cottage in Gyeonggi-do, Japyeong, on Bongseon-ro 17?
- Do you have the gift card with you?
- Yes.
Let me see.
Here.
[Nohseonjae Cottage]
What's wrong?
I think... we have to go here no matter what.
Even if I finish my photoshoot late, I'll definitely come.
You don't have to go out of your way to.
I feel like I'll end up there even if I can't go.
Wait for me.
- Really?
- Yeah.
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything.
I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only You!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
Hello!
- It's been a long time.
- Ah, yes.
You came all the way here.
Big Bro!
I wrapped up a little for you to have a taste.
You could have wrapped up a lot, but you only packed a little?
It might seem like little once you start eating it, but... should I bring you more?
It's okay.
I'll eat it well.
Is Hari still working there?
What? Hari?
Well, what would Hari be doing and where?
Did he leave?
What is he up to that he shows up to borrow money when I start forgetting about him?
But... why did he ask about Hari's company?
You should have said you didn't know!
Well I just... pretended to not know.
But he's so quick-witted.
Maybe because he's been gambling for so long.
So... did you tell him?
Well, I-I just said that she should still be working at the same place she did...
How could you tell him that? What if Sis finds out!
What if she gets angry and tells us to give up the store?
Should I have said she moved abroad?
So frustrating!
Hello. I came to buy some bread.
I won't take it for free!
Just pay your rent on time.
These days, I have a lot of concerns.
W-W-Why? Did something happen?
Hari has two men.
One is a doctor and the other is a photographer.
They're not lacking in jobs or looks.
Who should I pick?
Making a brag into a concern. I don't know if I should say I'm jealous
or choose one with you.
We can choose with you! That turned out well.
Excuse me. Tell me Hari's phone number.
Have a good weekend.
Yes, goodbye!
Goodbye!
Jaeyoung, I'm not going.
Don't wait for me.
How could you take up two schedules?
For now, come quickly.
Is the model not coming?
She just got done with her schedule out of town.
If you just wait a little bit more, she'll be here soon.
But I've been waiting for three hours now.
Isn't it right for us to just push the shoot back?
Please save me this once.
It's too hard to reschedule, and the advertiser said it has to be done according to their ad system
and told me to shoot it by today and submit it. Really...
Can you please look over this once?
Please save me. I have a kid at home.
Are you done? I arrived.
I think the photoshoot will end late at night. Maybe even at dawn.
I feel sorry you'll be alone.
I'll bravely stay here alone.
If you can't come, it doesn't sound bad for me to rest here on my own.
I'll go right when my work ends. I'm sorry.
Then I'll be waiting.
♫ When it comes down peacefully, please come closer ♫
That's nice. Good!
That's good. Oh!
♫ Just like now ♫
♫ Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't forget my heart ♫
Okay.
That's great.
♫ Every day I wish to fly just like a bird ♫
♫ I want to go wherever with you ♫
♫ Like the feeling of falling in love ♫
♫ You take me up to the stars ♫
♫ Oh, catch some teardrops in my hand ♫
[New message from: Yisang]
♫ I'll hug you whenever you are having a hard time ♫
♫ Day by day with you, just like now ♫
♫ Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't forget my heart ♫
[Blockhead]
[Jaeyoung Punk]
Yeah.
Where are you?
I'm at the rental cottage. I'm waiting for Yisang.
You're alone right now?
Is he coming or not?
He may not come but you're there alone?
It's not important whether he comes or not.
It's that I'm waiting for him.
Hari,
I'll pick you up.
Let's go home together.
- Jaeyoung.
- Why are you waiting to that extent?
Why are you waiting when you don't know whether he'll come or not?
Why are you waiting... for a man who doesn't give you certainty?
I want to wait for him.
Because I'm waiting for him, it's okay, Jaeyoung.
Goodbye!
Bye!
Thank you!
I'm sorry I'm late.
♫ Over there from a distance ♫
♫ I see you, my heart is pounding ♫
♫ Do you know I'm like this? ♫
♫ You who took my heart from the beginning ♫
♫ With my eyes closed and my ears blocked  ♫
♫ My broken heart will beat for you again ♫
♫ If you are listening to this song ♫
♫ I hope you know I mean it  ♫
♫ You are so beautiful no matter the form ♫
♫ You are so beautiful, I'll protect you ♫
♫ Stay with me, stay there, even if you go ♫
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
[Oh My Baby]
How can I look at Hari now?
There's nothing more I can do. I was just greedy for Hari.
Mom, you're not at the hospital, right?
Mom, what are you doing here?
Whether you're sick or not. Whether you die or not.
I'm sorry.
Why are you sorry!?
Don't you want to be together every day?
Think about it seriously.
I think I'm getting a proposal.
No way.
In front of my colleagues. What do I respond with?
Should I go "yes, let's do it?"
"I'd like that?" What do I do?
Oh my.
♫ Stay by my side ♫